---
title: MIT6.824学习笔记
author: adeshen
date: 2023-10-11 10:41:00 -0500
categories: [Distribution, Course]
tags: [distribution,course]
---
go的协程可以通过注解的方法式选定特定的协程进行任务发布


[6.5840 Schedule: Spring 2023 (mit.edu)](https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.824/schedule.html)

# 00 MapReduce论文阅读

[rfeet.qrk (mit.edu)](https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/6.824/papers/mapreduce.pdf)

## 词汇

- commodity machine：是指那些广泛可用、成本相对较低、没有特定定制的计算机硬件。这些机器往往是标准化的，可以从多家供应商那里购买，而不是特制或专为某种特定应用而设计。
- crawled document: 爬虫文档信息
- conspire to：共同导致
- obscure : 掩盖
- messy detail: 混乱的细节
- conduit: 管道
- resilient: 弹性的、有复原力的

The issues of how to parallelize the computation, distribute the data, and handle
failures conspire to obscure the original simple computation with large amounts of complex code to deal with
these issues.

## programming model

map function : take input pair and produces a set of intermediate key/value pairs. not repetition

reduce function : accept an intermediate key I and a set of values for that key. It merges together these values to form a possibly smaller set of values.


a group of clusters,    one master to assign the rest workers  the map/reduce task.

master(role): assign the worker， pass the locations of map workers to reduce workers.

map worker(role) : parses key/value pair out of the input data, and call the map function defined by user.

reduce worker(role): use rpc to read data from  map workers, group all the same key by sorting, call the reduce function defined by user.



## fault tolerance

woker failure: matser ping worker periodically.

any tasks running in failed workers are reset back to their initial idle state.


completed map task should be re-executed becaue their output is stored on the local disk.

but competely tasks do not need to be re-executed.

## master failure 

write periodic checkpoint of the master data structure.

aborts the mapReduce computation if the master fails.
